spilling of blood of innocents in
Pakistan has moistened eyes across the
globe
the Peshawar army school attack not only
plunged Pakistan into sorrow but
horrified people in India as well
several messages of solidarity from
Indians for Pakistan popped up on the
social networking sites Prime Minister
Narendra Modi's tweet being among the
first where he said and I quote
strongly condemned the cowardly
terrorist attack at a school in Peshawar
it's a senseless act of unspeakable
brutality that has claimed lives of the
most innocent of human beings young
children in the school my heart goes out
to everyone who lost their loved ones
today we share their pain and offer our
deepest condolences unquote Home
Minister Rajnath Singh also took to
Twitter to slam the terrorist act saying
and I quote I strongly condemned the
terrorist attack on a school at Peshawar
this dastardly and inhuman act exposes
the real face of terrorism on court
External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj
cancelled the dinner that she was
scheduled to host on Tuesday night for
MPs her ministry spokesperson said such
a barbaric attack cannot be justified
through any means no words will capture
the feeling of deep revulsion and harder
we feel about the terror attack against
innocent children of the Army Public
School in Peshawar it was not just
innocent children who have been
massacred today but the very conception
of humanity the government of India
strongly condemns this barbaric crime
against humanity political parties have
also been unanimous in condemning the
Peshawar School attack and have appealed
for a collective battle against the
scourge of terror Pakistan berkelium el
Cucuy duniya ka e ik Borg blasts and aja
sabaha or Ulta novalee
Boras and Asia sabotage attack Peggy
Carina take a scenic a sea route Mae
often what Casa Rosada tyranny midget or
say huh Miss Piggy citric acid Nick
enlightenment a keyboard do cut that
night or hamari do but chehon Casals
from vietnam a masoom but Chucky hotel
we beam us up or could be sahaja yogi
enormity nahin DITA Hesburgh arid okay
or am i Peter of say do be profit
Parivaar her own but chunky mater PETA
he or Nicholson Pandya unsub cop me some
Vietnam his natural to her I chose the
to debauch America its come with Lily a
hey Dulli th de na kisi thermic a hey
kiss abhidharma cavity is the passive
but Joe Kornegay morena
yeah Islam K heineke geothermic hey
neato Raksha say at the outset I
strongly condemn this crying heinous
crime of terror
it is human heinous terror act in which
hundred children were killed I strongly
condemn this condemn this act recent
Nobel Peace Prize recipients Pakistan's
muralha yousafzai who survived a Taliban
attack and India's Kailash Satyarthi
have come down hard on the killers of
innocent children
Malala said and I quote innocent
children in the school have no place in
horror such as this I along with
millions of others around the world
mourn these children my brothers and
sisters but we will never be defeated on
court
so TRT who was on his first visit to his
mother pradesh hometown Vidisha
after being honored in oslo even held a
minute's silence for the innocent
victims of Peshawar didn't capture get a
car I reckon Pocoyo Saguna Jiraiya
hooligan Sonia gave us money
below Goliath Aslan hey look my job
caters money with Lanka this man never
once a partner
kaneki's Economou in cable key publicist
that would be a world leader such as
British Prime Minister David Cameron and
French president Francois Hollande have
also condemned the attack in the
strongest possible words the world is
speaking in one voice against terror
after the horrors that unfolded in
Peshawar the question is will it act as
one as well
Newsnight desk BD news